Mattermost groups and role and send multiple (#38884)
demisto/content: Packs/Mattermost/ReleaseNotes/2_1_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Mattermost v2

> - Added support for **mattermost-add-group-member** command that add group member(s).
> - Added support for **mattermost-remove-group-member** command that remove group member(s).
> - Added support for **mattermost-list-private-channels-for-user** command that get all private channel memberships for a user on a specific team.
> - Added support for **mattermost-set-channel-role** command that update a user's roles for a channel.
> - Added support for **mattermost-list-groups** command that lists groups.
> - Added support for **mattermost-list-group-members** command that lists group members.
> - Added support for multiple ***to*** recipients for **send-notification** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for ***mattermost-add-group-member*** command that adds group member(s).
- Added support for ***mattermost-remove-group-member*** command that removes group member(s).
- Added support for ***mattermost-list-private-channels-for-user*** command that gets all private channel memberships for a user on a specific team.
- Added support for ***mattermost-set-channel-role*** command that updates a user's roles for a channel.
- Added support for ***mattermost-list-groups*** command that lists groups.
- Added support for ***mattermost-list-group-members*** command that lists group members.
- Added support for multiple *to* recipients for the ***send-notification*** command.
```
